c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\bin\Debug\Salon.exe.config
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\bin\Debug\Salon.exe
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\bin\Debug\Salon.pdb
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form1.resources
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form2.resources
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form3.resources
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.exe
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.pdb
c:\users\настя\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form10.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form6.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form7.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form8.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form9.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form11.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form12.resources
C:\Users\Настя\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Salon\Salon\obj\Debug\Salon.Form13.resources
